docs: clarify headless mode should use same queries file (#7256)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/operate-and-deploy/installation/server-config/index.md

server is running a predefined script, it will automatically disable its
REST endpoint and interactive use.

> Note: in headless mode, all KSQL servers should be started with the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    In headless mode, you must start all ksqlDB servers with the same
```

> queries file. If the queries files differ across KSQL servers, the behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    queries file. If the queries files differ across ksqlDB servers, the behavior
```

> is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    is undefined.
```
